Improved Git-Github Roadmap (#7218)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/git-github/content/roadmaps@sxvT2hGko2PDRBoBrCGWD.md

> # Roadmap(s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Roadmaps
```

> GitHub Roadmap(s) are a feature that helps you visualize and organize plans for your projects, allowing you to create a high-level view of milestones and goals, and collaborate on planning and tracking progress with team members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Roadmaps are a feature that helps you visualize and organize plans for your projects, allowing you to create a high-level view of milestones and goals, and collaborate on planning and tracking progress with team members.
```
